Help - Help Extreme Learning Platform

The system is designed to build a learning management system but build from basic principles,
instead of building a linear course where one activity and assessment follow on each other the system
will dynamically change the course presentation based on the students ability.

The way it does this are by defining each learning objective as a set of other objectives, and taxonomies.

Each objective consist
 - required_objectives (Other objectives that must be completed for this objective to be complete)
 - taxonomies (The knowledge , cognative elements that must be fullfilled for this objective to be completed)

Method used to present course or objective.
Given an objective that a student want to complete.
1. Choose any required_objectives or taxonomy that are not completed.
2. If Taxonomy present taxonomy assessement or activity until complete.
3. If required_objective then do the same process again until a taxonomy is chosen.
4. If circular objective then chose last node before circular.

Learning methods
1. Random (Chose a random required_objective, taxonomy)
2. Most effective (chose the taxonomy, required_objective that are linked to the most other objectives)

How do we determine if an assessment is complete?
Assessment or Activity
When triggering an activity we send it.
1. Current repetition
2. Current retention

Assessment should from the repetition and retention data determine the necessary activities necessary
to increase the repetition rate.
Eg.
Memorise Alphabet
1. 1st repetition - Phonetic alphabet display alphabet
2. 2nd repetition - Query alphabet - 15 minutes, if incorrect then display correct phonetic.
3. 5+ repetition - If gueses are still <50% display whole alphabet
6. 10+ repetition - On retention >80% only query for 1 minute.


It then need to independently return
1. Retention

meta_memory
1. Retention
2. Stability
3. List of activity Dates
4. Associated assessment

taxonomy_objectives
For each taxonomy attached to learning objective determine
1. Required retention
2. Required stability

learning_objectives (Just a set of texonomy_objectives)
1. Required retention
2. Required stability

(Taxonmy list vs assessment list?)
What vs how!
In traditional (Learning Management Systems) and teaching the learning objective is broken up into a taxonomy and the
taxonomy into a set of activities and assessments. This is then shortened to just a set of activities/assessments to
reach a certain learning objective.

We have taken this concept and turned it on it's head. for a learning objective we define the taxonomy matrix and the
required competency per cell. Any activity or assessment can contribute to that cell. So you could have multiple
assessments and activities for each learning objective tailored to the specific students interest and ability.

